Add optimize and quantize command CLI (#700)
huggingface/optimum: docs/source/onnxruntime/usage_guides/optimization.mdx

🤗 Optimum provides an `optimum.onnxruntime` package that enables you to apply graph optimization on many model hosted on the 🤗 hub using the [ONNX Runtime](https://github.com/microsoft/onnxruntime/tree/master/onnxruntime/python/tools/transformers) model optimization tool.

## Optimizing a model to be used with Optimum's CLI

> The Optimum ONNXRuntime optimization can be used through Optimum command-line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Optimum ONNX Runtime optimization tool can be used through Optimum command-line interface:
```

```bash
optimum-cli onnxruntime optimize --help
usage: optimum-cli <command> [<args>] onnxruntime optimize [-h] --onnx_model ONNX_MODEL [-o OUTPUT] (-O1 | -O2 | -O3 | -O4)

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -O1                   Basic general optimizations (see: https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/onnxruntime/usage_guides/optimization for more details).
  -O2                   Basic and extended general optimizations, transformers-specific fusions (see: https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/onnxruntime/usage_guides/optimization for more details).
  -O3                   Same as O2 with Gelu approximation (see: https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/onnxruntime/usage_guides/optimization for more details).
  -O4                   Same as O3 with mixed precision (see: https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/onnxruntime/usage_guides/optimization for more details).

> 

Reviewer: Add `--config` details here
